# News (2024)
- [News (2024)](#news-2024)
- [All News Between Meetup (#3) Feb 2024 and Meetup (#4) Jul 2024](#all-news-between-meetup-3-feb-2024-and-meetup-4-jul-2024)
  - [Ask the Expert The Moshrif Perspective](#ask-the-expert-the-moshrif-perspective)
  - [Tech Tips \& Tricks \: Insights from Our Mentor Program](#tech-tips--tricks--insights-from-our-mentor-program)
  - [Leadership \& Group Advisory Meetings](#leadership--group-advisory-meetings)
  - [Leap 2024 Gathering KSA](#leap-2024-gathering-ksa)
  - [The meeting with Danny](#the-meeting-with-danny)
  - [Book Workshop #1 \& #2](#book-workshop-1--2)
  - [Casual Discussion \: Being assertive](#casual-discussion--being-assertive)
  - [Induction and Onboarding Session for The Mentor Program (April-June)](#induction-and-onboarding-session-for-the-mentor-program-april-june))
  - [Development Plans](#development-plans)
  - [Casual Meeting](#casual-meeting)
  - [Vote In-person Gathering 2025 survey](#vote-in-person-gathering-2025-survey)
  - [Vote Create Annual CV workshop](#vote-create-annual-cv-workshop)
  - [The age of AI \, DSC MENA 24](#the-age-of-ai--dsc-mena-24)
  - [Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel \& Waddah Azhary](#secret-to-success-with-sandra-kiel--waddah-azhary)
  - [Accelerate Business Delivery with AI And DevOps](#accelerate-business-delivery-with-ai-and-devops)
  - [Casual Discussion-Future of Programming with AI](#casual-discussion-future-of-programming-with-ai)
  - [Group Therapy May 2024](#group-therapy-may-2024)
  - [From Discord to Microsoft Teams](#from-discord-to-microsoft-teams)
  - [Soft Skills #2](#soft-skills-2)
  - [Discounts 2024](#discounts-2024)
  - [Ask Me Anything \& Management Jun 2024](#ask-me-anything--management-jun-2024)

- [All News Between Meetup (#2) Oct 2023 and Meetup (#3) Feb 2024](#all-news-between-meetup-2-oct-2023-and-meetup-3-feb-2024)
  - [The New Platform](#the-new-platform)
  - [SLA Service Level Agreement](#sla-service-level-agreement)
  - [Group Therapy #2](#group-therapy-2)
  - [Step By Step Guide](#step-by-step-guide)
  - [Secret to Success with Michael Blumenthal \& Mahmoud Shahin](#secret-to-success-with-michael-blumenthal--mahmoud-shahin)
  - [Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel](#secret-to-success-with-sandra-kiel)
  - [Leadership \& Group Advisory Meeting](#leadership--group-advisory-meeting)
  - [Group Advisory](#group-advisory)
  - [Booking One-to-One Sessions](#booking-one-to-one-sessions)
  - [Casual Discussion](#casual-discussion)
  - [Ask Me Anything \& Management](#ask-me-anything--management) 
  - [Discounts](#discounts)
  - [The End-of-Year Surveys](#the-end-of-year-surveys)
  - [Violation Of The Guidelines Of Our Learning Platform](#violation-of-the-guidelines-of-our-learning-platform)
  - [Induction and Onboarding Session for The Mentor Program](#induction-and-onboarding-session-for-the-mentor-program)
  - [Annual Plan Event](#annual-plan-event)
  - [Soft Skills](#soft-skills)
  - [Success Story](#success-story)
  - [How to build Knowledge Base using Stack Overflow or any Q \& A platform](#how-to-build-knowledge-base-using-stack-overflow-or-any-q--a-platform)
  - [KSA Leap 2024 Gathering](#ksa-leap-2024-gathering)
  - [Book Workshop](#book-workshop)
  - [Ask the Expert \: The Moshrif Perspective](#ask-the-expert--the-moshrif-perspective)    

   
# All News Between Meetup (#3) Feb 2024 and Meetup (#4) Jul 2024

## Ask the Expert The Moshrif Perspective
  - **Date and Time:** #1 February 27, 2024, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
  - In the Mentor program, we have 24 events per year, 2 events per month, but we agreed that we would hold an exceptional event for an       exceptional person, [Mohamed Moshrif](../../mentoring-service/source/events-speakers.md#mohamed-moshrif).

## Tech Tips & Tricks : Insights from Our Mentor Program
  - **Date and Time:** Wed, 28 Feb 2024.

## Leadership & Group Advisory Meetings
  - **Date and Time:**
    - Wed, 28 Feb 2024.
    - Wed, 24 Apr 2024

## Leap 2024 Gathering KSA
  - From 4 to 7 March 2024.
    
## The meeting with Danny
  - Dany is a Technical Director for one of the best testing company in the UK, Wale is an MVP and Technical Lead at HSBC UK.
    The meeting with Danny will be on 
  - **Date and Time:** Wed, 20 Mar 2024 at 10 :00 AM UK / 12:00 PM Egypt
  - there are maybe some job opportunities. 

## Book Workshop #1 & #2
  - **Date and Time:**
    - Wed,27 March 2024.
    - Wed, 15 May , 2024.

## Casual Discussion : Being assertive
  - Casual discussion about Being assertive is the key to success
  - **Date and Time:** Mon,1 April 2024.

## Induction and Onboarding Session for The Mentor Program (April-June) 
  - The induction and onboarding session for the batch April-June 
  - **Date and Time:** Thu,4 April 2024.

## Development Plans
  - **Date and Time:** Fri, 5 Apr 2024

## Casual Meeting
  - Casual meeting to share how to work with High Performance VM on Azure
  - **Date and Time:** Mon,10 April 2024.

## Vote In-person Gathering 2025 survey
  - In-person Gathering 2025 survey (Germany,Singapore,Poland,Denmark,Croatia,France,Austria,Morocco,Romania,Hungary,Spain,Netherlands)

  - (Germany,Singapore,Morocco,Spain)

  - (Spain)

## Vote Create Annual CV workshop
  - Create Annual CV workshop to replace one or two of AMA and Group Therapy. 

## The age of AI , DSC MENA 24
  - April 18-20th 24 , Cairo , Egypt.

## Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel & Waddah Azhary
  - **Date and Time:** Tue,23 April.
  - **Topic:** Explore the "Secret to Success" [Sandra Kiel](../../mentoring-service/source/events-speakers.md#sandra-kiel) and [Waddah Azhary](https://www.linkedin.com/in/waddah-a-996aaa199).
  
## Accelerate Business Delivery with AI And DevOps
  - **Date and Time:** Wed, May 8, 2024

## Casual Discussion-Future of Programming with AI
  - Casual Discussion-Future of Programming with AI [May 2024]-[#4] 
  - **Date and Time:** Monday,20 May 2024.

## Group Therapy May 2024
- **Date and Time:** Wed, 22 May 2024

## From Discord to Microsoft Teams
  - We are transitioning from Discord to Microsoft Teams and will completely shut down Discord.

## Soft Skills #2
  - How to Avoid Biased Positions and Discover Your Blind Spots [Jun 2024]-[#2]
  - **Date and Time:** Wed, 5 Jun 2024

## Discounts 2024
  - Members will be given a discount on the renewal fees for the mentor program (in November) in case of:

  - They joined the private repo before the end of June 2024
  - They completed their profile for the user profile at the private repo before the end of June 2024.
  (for the previous patch from April to June).

  - They completed the DevOps Foundation course at any time and passed Quiz(1) before the end of June 2024.
  - Who passed DevOps Foundation Quiz (2), (3) before the end of July 2024.
  - Who is GA [Group Advisory] or a member who actively responding to their GA.
  - Who attended the live session/watched the recording on the platform.

## Ask Me Anything & Management Jun 2024
  - **Date and Time:** Wed, 26 Jun 2024
  
**[⬆ back to top](#news-2024)**

# All News Between Meetup (#2) Oct 2023 and Meetup (#3) Feb 2024

## The New Platform
- **Date and Time:** Oct 11, 2023, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- **Topic:** Discover Our New Exciting Platform.
  
## SLA Service Level Agreement
- Service Level Agreement has been changed.
- Kindly review the updates and details on our Q&A platform.

## Group Therapy #2
- **Date and Time:** Nov 08, 2023, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- **Agenda:** You can find the meeting agenda on GitHub at the Following Link: [Group Therapy #2 Agenda](../../mentoring-service/source/agenda.md#group-therapy)
- The next meeting will be on 22 May 2024.
  
## Step By Step Guide
- We have included a detailed step-by-step guide for maximizing your platform experience.

## Secret to Success with Michael Blumenthal & Mahmoud Shahin
- **Date and Time:** Nov 9, 2023, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- **Topic:** Explore the "Secret to Success" [Michael Blumenthal](../../mentoring-service/source/events-speakers.md#michael-blumenthal) and [Mahmoud Shahin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mhshahin/).

## Secret to Success with Sandra Kiel
- **Date and Time:** Apr 23, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- **Topic:** Explore the "Secret to Success" [Sandra Kiel](../../mentoring-service/source/events-speakers.md#sandra-kiel).
  
## Leadership & Group Advisory Meeting
- **Date and Time:** #3 Nov 22, 2023, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- The next meeting will be on 28 February 2024.
- There are 2 leadership members and 9 group advisories.
- The tag, information, and rules for group advisory will be updated regularly on our Knowledge Base.

## Group Advisory
- For joining the Group Advisory:

1. To be eligible for Group Advisory registration, you must have completed a year in the Mentor Program.

2. The registration period for Group Advisory opens annually in November of each year.

3. The registration was not available this year; the next opportunity will be in November 2024.

- For more details on the Group Advisory, we have a dedicated session available on the Learning Platform "Mentor for All & Group Advisory sub programs [Jan 2023]-[#1] ".
- This session is free for new joiners as part of the Mentor Members New Joiners All Previous Sessions (Free). For other members, it exists as a paid session.

- We opened relocation requests on November 1st for those who wish to change their GA (Group Advisory). 
- Relocation requests are only available from November 1st to November 15th of every year. 
- For submitting your request, you can contact the membership management team directly.

## Booking One-to-One Sessions
- The window for booking one-to-one mentor sessions with Eng. [Mohamed Radwan](https://github.com/MohamedRadwan-DevOps/inner-source/blob/main/source/user-profile/source/mohamed-radwan.md) for a high discount will open on the 1st of November and will close on the 15th of November.

## Casual Discussion
- "Casual Discussion-Emotions and Rational Decisions-Distraction and Focus [Nov 2023]-[#1]".
- **Date and Time:** November 18, 2023, at 01:30 PM UK Time.

## Ask Me Anything & Management
- **Date and Time:** December 6, 2023, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- **Agenda:** The meeting focused on discussing the questions submitted by mentor members.
- You can submit your questions using the form provided in our Knowledge Base (KB).
- The next meeting will be on 13 Mar 2024.
  
## Discounts
- Members will be given a discount on the renewal fees for the mentor program (in November) in case of:
    - They participate as a group advisory.
    - They join the private repo before the end of Mar 2024 (for the current patch from January to March).
    - They complete their profile for the user profile at the private repo before the end of Mar 2024.
    - They submit The End-of-year-survey, and the Group Advisory (GA) survey, before the 10th of November.
 
## The End-of-Year Surveys
- The End-of-Year Mentor Program Survey (2023).
- The End-of-Year Group Advisory Survey (2023).
- The End-of-Year Group Advisory Peers Survey (2023).
- End-of-Year Group Advisory Survey GA to Members.
  
## Violation Of The Guidelines Of Our Learning Platform
- As there are members who have misused or violated the guidelines of our learning platform.
- We understand that mistakes can happen, and we're here to help.
- We made a call on 28 December 2023 at 3:00 pm UK time To provide further clarification and address any questions they had.

## Induction and Onboarding Session for The Mentor Program
- **Date and Time:** Jan 08, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- This is the meeting of the induction and onboarding session for the new members of the Mentor program.
- **Presenters:**
  - [Muhammad Farouk](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-a3460924b?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)
  - [Abdulrahman Naqeb](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdulrahman-naqeb-5874b2211?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)
- The next one will be in April 2024.
  
## Annual Plan Event
- **Date and Time:** #1 January 15, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- **Presenters:**
  - [Aya Metwally](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aya-metwally/)
  - [Mahmoud Shahin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mhshahin/)
  - [Kareem Khamis](https://www.facebook.com/kareem.fathy.7)
  - [AbdElHalim Zaki](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdelhalimzaki/)
    
## Soft Skills
- **Topic:** Communication and Negotiation skills a journey from theory to practice[#6 Jan 2024]
- **Date and Time:** January 25, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- **Presenter:**
    - [Marwa Solayman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marwa-solayman-5770b124?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)
- **Leader:**
    - [Kareem Khamis](https://www.facebook.com/kareem.fathy.7)
     
## Success Story
- **Topic:** What are the steps after the course and what to do? How to get hired quickly? Some advices and answer your questions.
- **Date and Time:** Feb 1, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- **Presenter:**
    - [AbdElHalim Zaki](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdelhalimzaki/)

## How to build a Knowledge Base using Stack Overflow or any Q & A platform
- We added "How to build Knowledge Base using Stack Overflow or any Q/A platform" session to be available for all users in the learning platform.
- The same as "Discover Our New Exciting Platform" session.

## KSA Leap 2024 Gathering
- We are going to have a community gathering in KSA Leap 2024.
- It's an amazing opportunity to meet each other and expand our professional network, everyone is welcome to join us there.

## Book Workshop
- **Date and Time:** Mar 27, 2024, at 06:00 PM UK Time.
- **Topic:** For the Book Workshop activity, we will start with The 48 Laws of Power.
- The first session will cover 12 lows only of the book, so we will discuss the book in 4 sessions during the year.
- Please get prepared for the 1st session by well reading the first 12 lows and try to prepare all your questions or thoughts to be discussed in our meeting.

## Ask the Expert: The Moshrif Perspective
- **Date and Time:** #1 February 27, 2024, at 07:00 PM UK Time.
- In the Mentor program, we have 24 events per year, 2 events per month, but we agreed that we would hold an exceptional event for an exceptional person, [Mohamed Moshrif](../../mentoring-service/source/events-speakers.md#mohamed-moshrif).

**[⬆ back to top](#news-2024)**
